Update mhz19.rst (#1467)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: components/sensor/mhz19.rst

The ``mhz19`` sensor platform allows you to use MH-Z19 CO_2 and temperature sensors
(`refspace`_) with ESPHome.

> The co2-measuring also works with the MH-Z16 sensor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The CO_2 measurement also works with the MH-Z16 sensor.
```
